Replacing 10 steps with link to general page (#1721)
MicrosoftDocs/IntuneDocs: intune/app-sdk-android.md

Authority and NonBrokerRedirectURI may be specified if necessary.

Register your app with Azure AD using the following steps:

> * See [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-integrating-applications) for information about registering an application with Azure AD. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For information about registering an application with Azure AD, see See [Quickstart: Register an app with the Azure Active Directory v1.0 endpoint](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-integrating-applications). 
```

> * Ensure the steps to give your Android app permissions to the app protection policy (APP) service are followed. Use the instructions in the [getting started with the Intune SDK guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/intune/app-sdk-get-started#next-steps-after-integration) under "Give your app access to the Intune app protection service (optional)". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure the steps to give your Android app permissions to the app protection policy (APP) service are followed. Use the instructions in the [Getting started with the Intune SDK guide]https://docs.microsoft.com/intune/app-sdk-get-started#give-your-app-access-to-the-intune-app-protection-service-optional). 
```
